# 接口: $

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:4

The $ object provides a number of debugging facilities and informational methods.

## 属性

### build

> `readonly` **build**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:8

The ExtendScript build information.

***

### buildDate

> `readonly` **buildDate**: [`Date`](Date.md)

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:13

The ExtendScript build date.

***

### decimalPoint

> **decimalPoint**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:18

The character used as the decimal point character in formatted numeric output.

***

### engineName

> `readonly` **engineName**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:23

The name of the current ExtendScript engine, if set.

***

### error

> **error**: [`Error`](Error.md)

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:29

The most recent run-time error information.
Assigning error text to this property generates a run-time error; however, the preferred way to generate a run-time error is to throw an Error object.

***

### fileName

> `readonly` **fileName**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:34

The file name of the current script.

***

### flags

> **flags**: `number`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:45

Gets or sets low-level debug output flags.
A logical AND of bit flag values:
0x0002 (2): Displays each line with its line number as it is executed.
0x0040 (64): Enables excessive garbage collection. Usually, garbage collection starts when the number of objects has increased by a certain amount since the last garbage collection. This flag causes ExtendScript to garbage collect after almost every statement. This impairs performance severely, but is useful when you suspect that an object gets released too soon.
0x0080 (128): Displays all calls with their arguments and the return value.
0x0100 (256): Enables extended error handling (see strict).
0x0200 (512): Enables the localization feature of the toString method. Equivalent to the localize property.

***

### global

> `readonly` **global**: `any`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:50

A reference to the global object, which contains the JavaScript global namespace.

***

### hiresTimer

> `readonly` **hiresTimer**: `number`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:56

A high-resolution timer, measuring the time in microseconds. The timer starts when ExtendScript is
initialized during the application startup sequence. Every read access resets the timer to Zero.

***

### includePath

> `readonly` **includePath**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:61

The path for include files for the current script.

***

### level

> **level**: `number`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:67

The current debugging level, which enables or disables the JavaScript debugger.
One of 0 (no debugging), 1 (break on runtime errors), or 2 (full debug mode).

***

### line

> `readonly` **line**: `number`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:72

The current line number of the currently executing script.

***

### locale

> **locale**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:78

Gets or sets the current locale.
The string contains five characters in the form LL_RR, where LL is an ISO 639 language specifier, and RR is an ISO 3166 region specifier.Initially, this is the value that the application or the platform returns for the current user. You can set it to temporarily change the locale for testing. To return to the application or platform setting, set to undefined, null, or the empty string.

***

### localize

> **localize**: `boolean`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:83

Set to true to enable the extended localization features of the built-in toString() method.

***

### memCache

> **memCache**: `number`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:88

The ExtendScript memory cache size, in bytes.

***

### os

> `readonly` **os**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:93

The current operating system version information.

***

### screens

> `readonly` **screens**: `object`[]

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:99

An array of objects containing information about the display screens attached to your computer.
Each object has the properties left, top, right, bottom, which contain the four corners of each screen in global coordinates.A property primary is true if that object describes the primary display.

***

### stack

> `readonly` **stack**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:104

The current stack trace.

***

### strict

> **strict**: `any`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:110

Sets or clears strict mode for object modification.
When true, any attempt to write to a read-only property causes a runtime error. Some objects do not permit the creation of new properties when true.

***

### version

> `readonly` **version**: `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:116

The version number of the ExtendScript engine.
Formatted as a three-part number and description; for example: "3.92.95 (debug)".

## 方法

### about()

> **about**(): `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:121

Shows an About box for the ExtendScript component, and returns the text for the box.

#### 返回

`string`

***

### bp()

> **bp**(`condition?`): `void`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:127

Breaks execution at the current position.

#### 参数

##### condition?

`any`

A string containing a JavaScript statement to be used as a condition. If the statement evaluates to true or nonzero when this point is reached, execution stops.

#### 返回

`void`

***

### colorPicker()

> **colorPicker**(`color`): `number`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:133

Invokes the platform-specific color selection dialog, and returns the selected color.

#### 参数

##### color

`number`

The color to be preselected in the dialog, as 0xRRGGBB, or -1 for the platform default.

#### 返回

`number`

***

### evalFile()

> **evalFile**(`file`, `timeout?`): `any`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:140

Loads and evaluates a file.

#### 参数

##### file

[`File`](File.md)

The file to load.

##### timeout?

`number`

An optional timeout in milliseconds.

#### 返回

`any`

***

### gc()

> **gc**(): `void`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:145

Initiates garbage collection in the ExtendScript engine.

#### 返回

`void`

***

### getenv()

> **getenv**(`name`): `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:151

Retrieves the value of an environment variable.

#### 参数

##### name

`string`

The name of the variable.

#### 返回

`string`

***

### setenv()

> **setenv**(`name`, `value`): `void`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:158

Sets the value of an environment variable.

#### 参数

##### name

`string`

The name of the variable.

##### value

`string`

The value of the variable.

#### 返回

`void`

***

### sleep()

> **sleep**(`msecs`): `void`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:165

Suspends the calling thread for a number of milliseconds.
During a sleep period, checks at 100 millisecond intervals to see whether the sleep should be terminated. This can happen if there is a break request, or if the script timeout has expired.

#### 参数

##### msecs

`number`

Number of milliseconds to sleep.

#### 返回

`void`

***

### toString()

> **toString**(): `string`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:170

Converts this object to a string.

#### 返回

`string`

***

### write()

> **write**(`text`): `void`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:176

Prints text to the Console.

#### 参数

##### text

`any`

The text to print. All arguments are concatenated.

#### 返回

`void`

***

### writeln()

> **writeln**(`text`): `void`

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:182

Prints text to the Console, and adds a newline character.

#### 参数

##### text

`any`

The text to print. All arguments are concatenated.

#### 返回

`void`
