# 接口: ErrorConstructor()

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:1425

> **ErrorConstructor**(`msg`, `file?`, `line?`): [`Error`](Error.md)

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:1435

## 参数

### msg

`string`

### file?

`string`

### line?

`number`

## 返回

[`Error`](Error.md)

## 构造函数

### 构造函数

> **new ErrorConstructor**(`msg`, `file?`, `line?`): [`Error`](Error.md)

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:1434

Creates a new Error object.

#### 参数

##### msg

`string`

The error message.

##### file?

`string`

The name of the file.

##### line?

`number`

The line number.

#### 返回

[`Error`](Error.md)

## 属性

### prototype

> `readonly` **prototype**: [`Error`](Error.md)

定义于: types-for-adobe/shared/JavaScript.d.ts:1426

***

### stackTraceLimit

> **stackTraceLimit**: `number`

定义于: @types/node/globals.d.ts:161

The `Error.stackTraceLimit` property specifies the number of stack frames
collected by a stack trace (whether generated by `new Error().stack` or
`Error.captureStackTrace(obj)`).

The default value is `10` but may be set to any valid JavaScript number. Changes
will affect any stack trace captured _after_ the value has been changed.

If set to a non-number value, or set to a negative number, stack traces will
not capture any frames.

## 方法

### captureStackTrace()

> **captureStackTrace**(`targetObject`, `constructorOpt?`): `void`

定义于: @types/node/globals.d.ts:145

Creates a `.stack` property on `targetObject`, which when accessed returns
a string representing the location in the code at which
`Error.captureStackTrace()` was called.

```js
const myObject = {};
Error.captureStackTrace(myObject);
myObject.stack;  // Similar to `new Error().stack`
```

The first line of the trace will be prefixed with
`${myObject.name}: ${myObject.message}`.

The optional `constructorOpt` argument accepts a function. If given, all frames
above `constructorOpt`, including `constructorOpt`, will be omitted from the
generated stack trace.

The `constructorOpt` argument is useful for hiding implementation
details of error generation from the user. For instance:

```js
function a() {
  b();
}

function b() {
  c();
}

function c() {
  // Create an error without stack trace to avoid calculating the stack trace twice.
  const { stackTraceLimit } = Error;
  Error.stackTraceLimit = 0;
  const error = new Error();
  Error.stackTraceLimit = stackTraceLimit;

  // Capture the stack trace above function b
  Error.captureStackTrace(error, b); // Neither function c, nor b is included in the stack trace
  throw error;
}

a();
```

#### 参数

##### targetObject

`object`

##### constructorOpt?

[`Function`](Function.md)

#### 返回

`void`

***

### prepareStackTrace()

> **prepareStackTrace**(`err`, `stackTraces`): `any`

定义于: @types/node/globals.d.ts:149

#### 参数

##### err

[`Error`](Error.md)

##### stackTraces

`CallSite`[]

#### 返回

`any`

#### 参阅

https://v8.dev/docs/stack-trace-api#customizing-stack-traces
